samples: bluetooth: fast_pair: locator_tag: Update docs (#16977)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/fast_pair/locator_tag/README.rst

Reviewer: Perhaps we can add another entry  to the "Dependencies" section that lists various components that are required for the DFU integration

.. _fast_pair_locator_tag_fp_adv_policy:

Fast Pair advertising policy
============================

The Fast Pair advertising is managed by the sample.

The Fast Pair advertising will stay turned on if at least one of the following triggers requested it:

   * UI trigger - On the button action.
   * FMDN provisioning trigger - On Account Key write operation during FMDN provisioning operation.
   * Beacon clock synchronization trigger - After the system bootup if the device is provisioned.
   * DFU mode trigger - On the DFU mode change.

If the Fast Pair advertising is enabled, the sample will automatically select the correct advertising mode:

   * Fast Pair discoverable advertising - without an Account Key stored on the device.
   * Fast Pair not discoverable advertising - with an Account Key stored on the device.

Removing one of the trigger requests does not automatically mean that the Fast Pair advertising will be disabled, as it requires the removal of all trigger requests.
It is done to mitigate the situation where the Fast Pair advertising would be disabled by one module but it was required to be enabled by the other module.

> The sample automatically disables the advertising by removing the trigger requests right before the factory reset operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample automatically disables the advertising by removing the trigger requests right before the factory reset operation.
To start Fast Pair discoverable advertising after the FMDN unprovisioning and factory reset operations, you need to activate the UI trigger.
```

Author: Applied

.. note::

   The Bluetooth advertising is active only until the Fast Pair Provider connects to a Bluetooth Central.
   After the connection, you can still request turning on the advertising, but it will come into effect only after disconnection.

Device Firmware Update (DFU)
============================

The locator tag sample uses the :ref:`MCUboot <mcuboot:mcuboot_ncs>` bootloader firmware image that allows you to upgrade the used application firmware image using the :ref:`app_dfu` procedure.
Over-the-air updates are supported using MCUmgr's Simple Management Protocol (SMP) over Bluetooth.

To enable the DFU functionality use the ``SB_CONFIG_APP_DFU`` sysbuild Kconfig option.
It is enabled by default if the MCUboot bootloader image is used.

> 

Reviewer: Please write a short section (one-two sentences) on how to change the version of the application (:ref:`zephyr:app-version-details` , `VERSION` file).

After the factory reset operation, the Fast Pair discoverable advertising gets automatically disabled to prevent a restart of the Fast Pair procedure.
You need to press a button to set your accessory in the Fast Pair discoverable advertising mode and make it available for the next FMDN provisioning.

.. _fast_pair_locator_tag_fp_adv_policy:

Fast Pair advertising policy
============================

The Fast Pair advertising is managed by the sample.

The Fast Pair advertising will stay turned on if at least one of the following triggers requested it:

   * UI trigger - On the button action.
   * FMDN provisioning trigger - On Account Key write operation during FMDN provisioning operation.
   * Beacon clock synchronization trigger - After the system bootup if the device is provisioned.

>    * DFU mode trigger - On the DFU mode change.

Reviewer 2: That's fine, thanks!

If the Fast Pair advertising is enabled, the sample will automatically select the correct advertising mode:

   * Fast Pair discoverable advertising - without an Account Key stored on the device.
   * Fast Pair not discoverable advertising - with an Account Key stored on the device.

> Removing one of the trigger requests does not automatically mean that the Fast Pair advertising will be disabled, as it requires the removal of all trigger requests.

Reviewer 2: Noted - thanks for the additional context, the previous suggestion clearly affects the meaning then. 
But maybe it would make sense to add some context here instead? For example:

``To fully disable Fast Pair advertising, all trigger requests must be removed. 
However, not all triggers can be manually disabled by the user, as the FMDN provisioning and Beacon clock sync triggers are managed by the sample and are required for it to work correctly.
``

> Removing one of the trigger requests does not automatically mean that the Fast Pair advertising will be disabled, as it requires the removal of all trigger requests.

Author: New proposal works for me, replaced "sync" with "synchronization" to match the list few lines above and added "... managed by the sample *automatically* ..." to emphasize that it is done without user interaction.
Please verify if it is fine for you.

| MCUboot, direct-xip mode without revert | * ``nrf52dk/nrf52832`` (only ``release`` configuration)    |
|                                         | * ``nrf52833dk/nrf52833`` (only ``release`` configuration) |
|                                         | * ``nrf52840dk/nrf52840``                                  |
|                                         | * ``nrf54l15pdk/nrf54l15/cpuapp``                          |
+-----------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------+
| MCUboot, overwrite only mode            | * ``nrf5340dk/nrf5340/cpuapp``                             |
|                                         | * ``nrf5340dk/nrf5340/cpuapp/ns``                          |
|                                         | * ``thingy53/nrf5340/cpuapp``                              |
|                                         | * ``thingy53/nrf5340/cpuapp/ns``                           |
+-----------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------+

DFU mode
--------

You can perform the DFU procedure by entering the DFU mode for a limited time.

> The DFU mode can be entered regardless of the current FMDN provisioning state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The DFU mode is accessible regardless of the current FMDN provisioning state.
```

This mode allows the connected peer to access the SMP GATT Service.

> Access to this service is restricted only to the DFU mode as a security measure to satisfy the FMDN privacy requirements.
> These requirements do not allow the locator tag device to share the identifying information (e.g. firmware version) with connected peers during its standard mode of operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Access to this service is restricted only to the DFU mode as a security measure. 
This restriction helps satisfy FMDN privacy requirements, which prohibit the locator tag device from sharing identifying information, such as firmware version, with connected peers during standard operation.
```

Moreover, after entering the DFU mode, the SMP GATT Service UUID is present in the Fast Pair advertising payload which helps to filter and find the devices that are in the DFU mode.

> It is located in either advertising data (when the Fast Pair advertising is in the discoverable mode) or scan response data (when the Fast Pair advertising is in the not discoverable mode).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is located in advertising data when Fast Pair advertising is in the discoverable mode, or in the scan response data when it is in the not discoverable mode.
```

         * Blinks at a 1 second interval if the recovery mode is active on the device and the identification mode is inactive on the device.

>       Button 1:

Reviewer: If this Button 1 section seems overloaded, we move a significant portion of the content to the "Fast Pair advertising policy" section and refer to it in the Button 1 description. This approach seems like a good direction since we have to variants of this information

         It is done to mitigate the situation where the Fast Pair advertising would be disabled by one module but it was required to be enabled by the other module.

         .. note::

            The Bluetooth advertising is active only until the Fast Pair Provider connects to a Bluetooth Central.
            After the connection, you can still switch the advertising modes, but the switch will come into effect only after disconnection.

            The sample automatically switches to the following Fast Pair advertising modes under certain conditions:
            After the connection, you can still request turning on the advertising, but it will come into effect only after disconnection.

            * Fast Pair not discoverable advertising - On the Account Key write operation.
            * Fast Pair advertising disabled:

               * Right before the factory reset operation.
                 Press **Button 1** to set the device to the Fast Pair discoverable advertising mode after the unprovisioning operation.

>                * After the beacon clock synchronization.

Reviewer: okay, looks correct :)

   .. group-tab:: nRF52 and nRF53 DKs

      LED 1:

>          Indicates that the firmware is running and the state of the DFU mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         Indicates that the firmware is running and informs about the state of the DFU mode.
```

         Depending on the DFU mode state:

            * Blinks at a 1 second interval if the DFU mode is disabled.

>             * Blinks at a 0.25 second interval if the DFU mode is enabled.

Reviewer 2: Let's decrease the indent here to align it with the other LEDs

         * Blinks at a 1 second interval if the recovery mode is active on the device and the identification mode is inactive on the device.

      Button 1:

>          Requests turning on the Fast Pair advertising or removes such a request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         Either requests to turn on Fast Pair advertising or removes the request.
```
no strong feelings about this one - please use whichever works better

Author: Not that strong feeling either but I think I prefer the original sentence, so let's leave it.

Reviewer 2: Got it - then keeping the original flow of your sentence just wanted to add one suggestion for better readability:

```suggestion
         Sends a request to turn on Fast Pair advertising or removes such a request.
```

Author: Sure, seems fine, applied for each target

         * Critically low battery level (battery replacement needed soon) - The battery level is higher than or equal to 0% and less than or equal to 10%.

      Button 4:

>          When pressed during the application bootup, resets the accessory to default factory settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         When pressed during the application bootup, resets the accessory to its default factory settings.
```

>          When released, the action depends on how long the button was held:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        The triggered action varies depending on how long the button was held:
```

            * From 0 to 3 seconds:

              Requests the FMDN subsystem to enable the identification mode for five minutes.
              This timeout value is defined by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DULT_ID_READ_STATE_TIMEOUT` Kconfig option according to the DULT specification requirements.

            * From 3 to 7 seconds:

              Enables the recovery mode for one minute as defined by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_FMDN_READ_MODE_FMDN_RECOVERY_TIMEOUT` Kconfig option.

            * From 7 seconds or more:

              Enables the DFU mode for five minutes.

   .. group-tab:: nRF54 DKs

      LED 0:

>          Indicates that the firmware is running and the state of the DFU mode.

Reviewer 2: same suggestions as for the nRF52 and nRF53 tab

         * From 1 to 3 seconds (notified by one short beep):

>            Requests turning on the Fast Pair advertising or removes such a request.

Reviewer 2: as above - optional suggestion

      #. Reconfirm the procedure by tapping the :guilabel:`Remove` button in the Android pop-up window.
      #. Wait for the unprovisioning operation to complete.
      #. Observe that **LED 3** is off, which indicates that the device is no longer provisioned as an FMDN beacon and the Fast Pair advertising is disabled.
      #. Observe that the Android does not display a notification about the detected Fast Pair Provider, as the locator tag device disables advertising after the unprovisioning operation.
      #. Press **Button 1** if you want to request turning on the Fast Pair advertising in discoverable mode and restart the FMDN provisioning process.

   .. group-tab:: nRF54 DKs

      1. |connect_terminal_specific|
      #. Reset the development kit.
      #. Observe that **LED 0** is blinking to indicate that firmware is running.

>       #. Observe that **LED 3** is blinking in 1 second intervals, which indicates that the device is not provisioned as an FMDN beacon and the Fast Pair discoverable advertising is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      #. Observe that **LED 2** is blinking in 1 second intervals, which indicates that the device is not provisioned as an FMDN beacon and the Fast Pair discoverable advertising is enabled.
```

      #. Reconfirm the procedure by tapping the :guilabel:`Remove` button in the Android pop-up window.
      #. Wait for the unprovisioning operation to complete.
      #. Observe that **LED 3** is off, which indicates that the device is no longer provisioned as an FMDN beacon and the Fast Pair advertising is disabled.
      #. Observe that the Android does not display a notification about the detected Fast Pair Provider, as the locator tag device disables advertising after the unprovisioning operation.

>       #. Press **Button 1** if you want to request turning on the Fast Pair advertising in discoverable mode and restart the FMDN provisioning process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      #. Press **Button 1** to request turning on the Fast Pair advertising in discoverable mode and to restart the FMDN provisioning process.
```

      #. Reconfirm the procedure by tapping the :guilabel:`Remove` button in the Android pop-up window.
      #. Wait for the unprovisioning operation to complete.

>       #. Observe that **LED 3** is off, which indicates that the device is no longer provisioned as an FMDN beacon and the Fast Pair advertising is disabled.

Reviewer 3: Should we also mention the advertising mode in line 565?

      #. Reconfirm the procedure by tapping the :guilabel:`Remove` button in the Android pop-up window.
      #. Wait for the unprovisioning operation to complete.
      #. Observe that **LED 2** is off, which indicates that the device is no longer provisioned as an FMDN beacon and the Fast Pair advertising is disabled.
      #. Observe that the Android does not display a notification about the detected Fast Pair Provider, as the locator tag device disables advertising after the unprovisioning operation.

>       #. Press **Button 0** if you want to request turning on the Fast Pair advertising in discoverable mode and restart the FMDN provisioning process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      #. Press **Button 0** to request turning on the Fast Pair advertising in discoverable mode and to restart the FMDN provisioning process.
```

      #. Start the ringing action on your device by tapping the :guilabel:`Play sound` button.
      #. Observe that **LED 1** is lit to confirm that the Android device is able to connect to your development kit after a clock synchronization.

Performing the DFU procedure
----------------------------

To perform the DFU procedure, complete the following steps:

.. tabs::

   .. group-tab:: nRF52 and nRF53 DKs

      1. Observe that **LED 1** is blinking at a 1 second interval, which indicates that the DFU mode is disabled.
      #. Press the **Button 4** for 7 seconds or more to enter the DFU mode.
      #. Observe that **LED 1** is blinking at a 0.25 second interval, which indicates that the DFU mode is enabled.
      #. Observe that **LED 3** is blinking, which indicates that the Fast Pair advertising is enabled.

>       #. Perform DFU using the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app, complete the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      #. Complete the following steps using the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app to perform DFU:
```

      1. Observe that **LED 1** is blinking at a 1 second interval, which indicates that the DFU mode is disabled.
      #. Press the **Button 4** for 7 seconds or more to enter the DFU mode.
      #. Observe that **LED 1** is blinking at a 0.25 second interval, which indicates that the DFU mode is enabled.
      #. Observe that **LED 3** is blinking, which indicates that the Fast Pair advertising is enabled.
      #. Complete the following steps using the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app to perform DFU:

         .. include:: /app_dev/device_guides/nrf52/fota_update.rst
            :start-after: fota_upgrades_over_ble_nrfcdm_common_dfu_steps_start
            :end-before: fota_upgrades_over_ble_nrfcdm_common_dfu_steps_end

   .. group-tab:: nRF54 DKs

      1. Observe that **LED 0** is blinking at a 1 second interval, which indicates that the DFU mode is disabled.
      #. Press the **Button 3** for 7 seconds or more to enter the DFU mode.
      #. Observe that **LED 0** is blinking at a 0.25 second interval, which indicates that the DFU mode is enabled.
      #. Observe that **LED 2** is blinking, which indicates that the Fast Pair advertising is enabled.

>       #. Complete the following steps using the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app to perform DFU:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      #. Perform DFU using the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app:
```

* Google Fast Pair provider (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ADV_PROV_FAST_PAIR`)

The sample uses the Bluetooth device name provider (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ADV_PROV_DEVICE_NAME`) provider to generate the scan response data.

When the DFU functionality is enabled (:ref:`CONFIG_APP_DFU <CONFIG_APP_DFU>`), the sample uses the SMP GATT Service UUID provider.
Depending on the Fast Pair advertising mode, the SMP UUID is placed in the:

* Advertising data - when Fast Pair is in the discoverable mode

> * Scan response data - when Fast Pair is in the not discoverable mode

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should align this with the line 169 ?

Author: sure, aligned, please verify
